build/adminimal/README.md, before:

# Adminimal WordPress plugin
A simple WordPress plugin that enables a minimalist front-end admin toolbar for Administrators. The toolbar includes: Dashboard, Edit, Profile, New post, New Page, New Attachment, and New Custom Post Types.

![Adminimal](source/dev/assets/banner-1544x500.jpg)


## Features
- Automatically hide front-end admin toolbar for Administrators.
- Adds a floating minimalist toolbar at the bottom right corner of the browser.
- Create new posts, pages, attachments and custom post types.
- Access the Dashboard.
- Edit the content you are viewing.
- Visit your profile page.
- Hide/Show the **Adminimal** toolbar.

## Installation from your website
1. Visit 'Plugins > Add New'
2. Search for 'Adminimal'
3. Activate adminimal from your Plugins page.
4. Visit your website, you can see the toolbar on the bottom right corner of the browser.

## Installation from WordPress or Github
1. Download the plugin from [WordPress](https://wordpress.org/plugins/adminimal/ "Adminimal on WordPress") or from [Github](https://github.com/alectro/adminimal/archive/master.zip "Adminimal on Github").
2. Uncompress the downloaded file.
3. Upload the 'adminimal' directory to your '/wp-content/plugins/' directory, using your favorite method (ftp, sftp, scp, etc...)
4. Activate Adminimal from your Plugins page.
5. Visit your website, you can see the toolbar on the bottom right corner of the browser.

## Compatibility
Tested on WordPress +4.6, works with all Themes.

Commit message:

version 0.5
* Settings page added.
* Update for Spanish (es_ES) and Portuguese (pt_BR) languages.

build/adminimal/README.md, after:

# Adminimal WordPress plugin
A simple WordPress plugin that enables a minimalist front-end admin toolbar for Administrators. The toolbar includes: Dashboard, Edit, Profile, New post, New Page, New Attachment, and New Custom Post Types.

![Adminimal](source/dev/assets/banner-1544x500.jpg)


## Features
- Automatically hide front-end admin toolbar for Administrators.
- Adds a floating minimalist toolbar at the bottom right corner of the browser.
- Create new posts, pages, attachments and custom post types.
- Access the Dashboard.
- Edit the content you are viewing.
- Visit your profile page.
- Hide/Show the **Adminimal** toolbar.
- Plugin settings page.

## Installation from your website
1. Visit 'Plugins > Add New'
2. Search for 'Adminimal'
3. Activate adminimal from your Plugins page.
4. Visit Settings page for options.
5. Visit your website, you can see the toolbar on the bottom right corner of the browser.

## Installation from WordPress or Github
1. Download the plugin from [WordPress](https://wordpress.org/plugins/adminimal/ "Adminimal on WordPress") or from [Github](https://github.com/alectro/adminimal/archive/master.zip "Adminimal on Github").
2. Uncompress the downloaded file.
3. Upload the 'adminimal' directory to your '/wp-content/plugins/' directory, using your favorite method (ftp, sftp, scp, etc...)
4. Activate Adminimal from your Plugins page.
5. Visit Settings page for options.
6. Visit your website, you can see the toolbar on the bottom right corner of the browser.

## Compatibility
Tested on WordPress +4.6, works with all Themes.
